# 🎲 Snakes and Ladders (C++ Terminal Game)

A feature-packed, terminal-based implementation of the classic **Snakes and Ladders** board game written in C++. It uses Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) design, dynamic ANSI color formatting, animated dice rolling, and persistent match history logging.

---

## ✨ Features

* **🎮 Two Game Modes:**
  * **Single Player:** Play against an automated Computer opponent (AI).
  * **Two Players:** Local turn-based multiplayer.
* **🎨 Visual Terminal Interface:** Renders a 10x10 zigzag board displaying player positions (`P1`, `P2`), snakes (`S`), and ladders (`L`) using ANSI color codes.
* **🎲 Animated Gameplay:** Includes interactive dice rolling animations and clear turn notifications.
* **🏆 Score Persistence:** Automatically saves winner names and time logs to a local file (`winners.txt`) and displays previous champions on launch.
* **🛡️ Robust Input Handling:** Includes protection against invalid menu choices, non-numeric inputs, and edge cases (e.g., needing an exact roll to land on space 100).
* **💻 Cross-Platform Support:** Handles screen clearing automatically for both Windows (`cls`) and Unix/Linux/macOS (`clear`).

---

## 🧩 Code Architecture & OOP Design

The codebase follows Object-Oriented Design principles and is organized into four main classes:

1. **`Player`:** Manages player data including name and grid position tracking.
2. **`Dice`:** Handles pseudorandom number generation (1–6) and terminal rolling delay animations.
3. **`Board`:** Constructs the 100-cell grid, configures snake and ladder mappings, and formats cell rendering.
4. **`Game`:** Controls main game logic, alternating turns, position recalculations, win conditions, and writing match results to `winners.txt`.

---

## 🛠️ How to Compile and Run

### Prerequisites
* Any C++ compiler supporting C++11 or higher (e.g., `g++`, `clang++`, or MSVC).

### 1. Compile the Code
Run the following command in your terminal:

```bash
g++ -o snakes_and_ladders main.cpp
